PMTiles: add raster read and CreateCopy() support (#14504)
OSGeo/gdal: doc/source/drivers/raster/pmtiles.rst

The driver supports conversion from another GDAL supported raster format into
PMTiles.

Tiles are generated with WebMercator (EPSG:3857) projection.

Internally the source dataset is converted into a temporary MBTiles dataset, hence
both drivers supports the same raster creation options.

The driver implements also a direct translation mode when using :program:`gdal raster convert`
with a MBTiles raster dataset as input and a PMTiles output dataset, without
any creation option: ``gdal raster convert in.mbtile out.pmtiles``. In that mode, existing
PNG/JPEG/WEBP tiles from the MBTiles files are used as such, contrary to the general writing
mode that may involve reprojection and resampling.

Creation options
----------------

|about-dataset-creation-options|
The following dataset creation options are supported:

-  .. co:: NAME

      Tileset name. Defaults to the basename of the
      output file/directory. Used to fill metadata records.

-  .. co:: DESCRIPTION

      A description of the tileset. Used to fill metadata records.

-  .. co:: TYPE
      :choices: overlay, baselayer

      Layer type. Used to fill metadata records.

-  .. co:: VERSION
     :default: 1.1

>      The version of the tileset, as a plain

Reviewer: Not sure if it's really a `plain` number here, maybe better
```suggestion
     The version of the tileset, as a dotted notation
```

Author: fixed

     number, used to set the 'version' metadata item.

-  .. co:: BLOCKSIZE
     :choices: <integer>
     :default: 256
     :since: 2.3

     Block/tile size in width

>      and height in pixels. Maximum supported is 4096.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     and height in pixels. Maximum supported size is 4096.
```

Author: fixed
